# Udacity-Project-2-FBI-Gun-Data-Deep-Dive
The gun and census data shared similar variables such as states and date. Comparing and contrasting both data by countries and date would give the idea about the gun registration per capita in 2010, 2016, and 2017. Gun registration per capita in 2010 equal to 0.398%; however, in 2016, gun registration per capita is equivalent to 0.678%. Additionally, states such as Kentucky, California, Texas, Florida, and Ohio are the most common states with high gun records in 2010, 2016, 2017. The type of guns that the population in the United States purchased the most in 2010 are primarily long guns; however, in 2016 and 2017 the most purchased type of guns were handguns.

When it comes to the limitations, there is missing data for U.S colonies such as Puerto Rico, Guam, etc. in the US Census data. It would be appropriate to include them in the census data to calculate and check the result of guns purchased per capita. Secondly, I believe that Kentucky might be an outlier among the states. By observing Kentucky from 2010 and 2016-- the record is surprisingly higher than other American states like Lousiana. In my opinion, it would be reasonable to recheck the data from Kentucky. In different ways, Illinois might be an outlier too because it has been registered a high gun registration in the U.S-- however, Illinois has the strictest gun control in America. It is advised to further the investigation of the states of Illinois.

It does seem to me that the size was relatively sufficient for my judgement about the questions we're asking here. I think even with some data missing, it didn't seem to skew the data too much either way once fully cleaned up. However, I believe as with all things, there can always be improvement.
